Use a different DB for OS (#9559)
rstudio/rstudio: NEWS.md

* Log files will now rotate by time in addition to the existing rotation by file size. This can be controlled by the `rotate-days` parameter in `logging.conf`.
* For more information, see section 2 of the Admin Guide.

> ### Internal Databse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Internal Database
```

> * Add a separate schema for OS Server instances (`rstudio-os`) and Workbench instances (`rstudio`) to avoid conflicts (Pro #2725)

Reviewer: Nit, I'm not sure "OS" will be clear to all readers.

```suggestion
* Use separate database schema for open source RStudio Server instances (`rstudio-os`) and RStudio Workbench instances (`rstudio`) to avoid conflicts (Pro #2725)
```
